So let's continue.
So in the previous lecture, we had simply created a Docker image according to our application.
Now, next step, we need to push this image to the repository.
So here for testing purpose, I'm going to use ECR.
So let me come back to my this AWS management console and search for ECR.
So here we have this.
Let me go to this ECS.
Elastic Container service.
And here we have an option for Amazon ECR repository.
Just click on this one.
And first, I'm going to create a repository.
And this is my nginx App demo.
I will go with all default options.
Create repository.
So this is my repository has been created.
And inside this repository, as of now, there is no image.
So just to push the image, just click on view push command.
So it will provide you all the commands.
So this is the copy.
So just copy this command and paste on this machine.
So here you can see I'm getting some authentication error because this machine or we can say this EC
2 service, is trying to authenticate with AWS ECR.
For that, we have to create a role.
And in the role we have to define the policy.
And once the role will be created, we have to align that role to this, EC2 instance.
After that, your EC2 service will start communicating with the ECR.
So how we can do that?
So just go to this one.
Let me close this one.
AWS.
Console.
Here.
I have to go to the IAM role.
And then click on roles.
And here you can see already having this ECR EC2 role.
Just click on that.
And here you have to add this policy.
Amazon EC2 container registry, full access.
And once you will create this role, just go to this is AWS EC2 instance.
And such for this machine, the VM machine on which I have created this Docker image and click on this
action before.
Do that, just select your VM machine and go to this security and this modify IAM role and choose the
role.
So this role I want to assign to my this VM machine, now this VM machine would able to communicate
to this Amazon ECR again, I'm going to fire the same command.
You can see that login succeed okay.
So this is the first step.
Second step it is going to create an image.
So we have already created image, but here it is saying that you need to create image.
So basically it just required the Docker file, it will create the image.
So let me copy this command.
Okay.
And you can see that the image has been created.
Docker Image ls.
Okay.
Let me.
So here, this is the image.
So both the images are same either I can use this image or this image.
So both the images have been created using the same Docker file and then after the build completes,
tag your image so that you can push the image to this repository.
So just copy this one.
Paste.
Now, let's see the tag.
This one.
And finally, you have to push.
Just copy all the commands and paste one by one.
Now it is just pushing the image from this VM to your AWS.
ECR.
That's done.
Let me come back and refresh it.
You can see we have this image and we have this URL as well.
So you just need to copy this URL and come back here and here you have to paste this URL.
So that's all for this lecture.
In the next lecture, I will complete this task.